2nd minor comment: more info about multi modal approach in future (#43)
pivlab/annual_review_of_biomedical_data_science: content/07.future-perspectives .md

Biological networks extend far beyond these initial layers, involving intricate, multilayered systems such as histone modifications, transcription factor binding sites, *cis*-regulatory networks, and chromatin conformation—all of which contribute to the co-regulation of gene transcription.
Moreover, this complexity includes protein-protein interaction networks, which form the backbone of signaling pathways and facilitate the transmission of signals both within and between cells.
Additionally, metabolic networks influence enzyme activities and metabolite levels, propagating changes that affect numerous other molecules [@doi:10.1371/journal.pgen.1008519; @doi:10.1371/journal.pcbi.1008819].

> Thus, incorporating multiple data modalities into gene module construction is a critical next step to capture this biological complexity more fully. By integrating diverse types of omics data such as epigenomics, proteomics, metabolomics, and chromatin accessibility, gene modules can be refined to reflect not just co-expression patterns but also shared regulatory mechanisms and functional interactions. For instance, combining transcriptomic data with chromatin immunoprecipitation sequencing (ChIP-seq) can identify transcription factors that regulate module genes, while integrating methylation profiles can reveal epigenetic modifications that influence gene expression within modules. An example of this integrative approach is the quantitative omnigenic model (QOM) proposed by Ružičková et al., which demonstrates the power of integrating genomic data with regulatory network information to predict gene expression levels more accurately. By utilizing the topology of gene regulatory networks, the QOM captures both direct genetic effects (cis-effects) and indirect effects propagated through the network (trans-effects), leading to improved performance over traditional genome-wide association studies (GWAS) with fewer parameters [@doi:10.1073/pnas.2402340121]. Similarly, in the context of psychiatric disorders, integrating epigenetic data into the omnigenic model has been proposed to refine gene modules and enhance the understanding of the complex interplay between genetics and epigenetics in these conditions. Evidence shows widespread epigenetic abnormalities, including DNA methylation changes across multiple brain regions in disorders such as schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and major depressive disorder. Peedicayil and Grayson discussed how incorporating epigenetic mechanisms, such as DNA methylation, histone modifications, and noncoding RNAs—into the omnigenic model could help explain the extensive genetic and epigenetic factors contributing to these disorders [@doi:10.1016/j.jtbi.2018.01.027]. Although this multimodal approach has not been widely exploited, it holds great promise for uncovering the underlying mechanisms of complex traits and diseases, aiming to create better predictive models.

Reviewer: See what you think; I've added a few citations that I think were missing. Could you check to see if they are correct?

```suggestion
Thus, incorporating multiple data modalities into gene module construction is a critical next step to capture this biological complexity more fully.
By integrating diverse types of omics data such as epigenomics, proteomics, metabolomics, and chromatin accessibility, gene modules can be refined to reflect not just co-expression patterns but also shared regulatory mechanisms and functional interactions.
For instance, combining transcriptomic data with chromatin immunoprecipitation sequencing (ChIP-seq) can identify transcription factors that regulate module genes, while integrating methylation profiles can reveal epigenetic modifications that influence gene expression within modules.
An example of this integrative approach is the quantitative omnigenic model (QOM) proposed by Ružičková et al. [@doi:10.1101/2024.02.01.578486], which demonstrates the power of integrating genomic data with regulatory network information to predict gene expression levels more accurately.
By utilizing the topology of gene regulatory networks, the QOM captures both direct genetic effects (*cis* effects) and indirect effects propagated through the network (*trans* effects), leading to improved performance over traditional GWAS with fewer parameters [@doi:10.1073/pnas.2402340121].
Similarly, in the context of psychiatric disorders, integrating epigenetic data into the omnigenic model has been proposed to refine gene modules and enhance the understanding of the complex interplay between genetics and epigenetics in these conditions.
Evidence shows widespread epigenetic abnormalities, including DNA methylation changes across multiple brain regions in disorders such as schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and major depressive disorder.
Peedicayil and Grayson discussed how incorporating epigenetic mechanisms, such as DNA methylation, histone modifications, and noncoding RNAs—into the omnigenic model could help explain the extensive genetic and epigenetic factors contributing to these disorders [@doi:10.1016/j.jtbi.2018.01.027].
Although this multimodal approach has not been widely exploited, it holds great promise for uncovering the underlying mechanisms of complex traits and diseases, aiming to create better predictive models.
```
